0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease also known as silicosis. It is the longestword in the English dictionary.

1.  getrusage returns resource usage measures for "int who", which is always RUSAGE_SELF in speller.c. Specifying RUSAGE_SELF returns resource usage 
    statistics for the calling process, which is the sum of resources used by all threads in the process.

2.  There are 16 members in a variable of type struct rusage.

3.  We pass before and after by reference to the function "calculate" because passing large structs by value takes up a lot of memory and makes execution slow.
    If we're passing or returning structs by value, copies of those structs will get placed on the stack, causing stack overflow.
    
4.  The key aspect of the for loop is the c = fgetc(fp) function call. fgetc gets the next unsigned character from fp and advances the position indicator in fp
    until the end of the file is reached. Each character is then put through an if(if)-elseif-elseif sequence that follows the following construct:
    a) If the character is in alphabetical character or an apostrophe that is not at index 0 of the word, the character is appended to the word array. 
    b) Else if the character is a numeric, the word is ignored and we skip ahead to the next word found after a space. 
    c) Else if we hit a space or punctuation, we terminate the word by appending \0 to the word array because we have presumably traversed a whole word.
    
5.  fscanf with a format string like "%s" will read subsequent characters until a whitespace/newline/tab is found.
    Because words within the txt files may sometimes end with punctuation, fscanf will view them as being a part of the word.
    Moreover, if a malicious string is read using fscanf it could overwrite important data in memory or in the least, cause segmentation fault.
    
6.  To prevent changes to the string that parameter is pointing at through parameter we use the const pointers by changing the data pointed to.
    The parameters for check and load are declared as const pointers because we want to prevent changes to a read word and the dictionary we are using.

